# CS-250

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
The way I interpret the users needs and implement them into a program is by reflecting on the user's expectations. Ruminating on how to I'd like implement the user's needs depends on the type of structures implemented within the framework. Conducting regular meetings with the development team and creating an environment where communication is open helps to ensure the user's needs are met as well. User stories assist in facilitating this because they organize user requirements are preferences. User stories are also organized by importance. So, it helps the development team delegate what tasks need to be completed first. Without user stories, tasks can become daunting and overwhelming. User stories allos for tasks to be completed in a more efficient manner.
 
# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
How I approach developing programs is to identify all possible constraints first. I think it's good to know wjere in the programming process I might have some road blocks or challenges. TThen I plan how I will prioritize my time between the early planning processes. To do this, I create user stories. Understanding user stories, which break down tasks by labeling them as "large," "medium," or "small," allow me to determine which tasks need to be completed first. After identifying the tasks, I create the code needed and begin testing each task until the desired result is produced. Lastly, I reflect on what was implemented before moving onto the next task. The agile processes that I hope to incorporate into my future development work are SAFe and Kanban.
 
# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member in software development means having integrity, responsibility, accountability, and being open to feedback. It also means being a great team player and a humble leader when necessary. Lastly, I believe being a good team member means being open to new ideas and continuously evolving your perspective. By doing this, you can easily adapt to all situationss that may arise. 
 
